Create documentation for espnet2 (#1710)
espnet/espnet: doc/espnet2_task.md

```python
# In training iteration
batch = {"speech": ..., "text": ...}
loss, stats, weight = model(**batch)
```

Where the `model` is exactly same as the model instance built by `Task.build_model()`.

Though arbitrary dictionary can be created by this system, but each tasks assumes that the specific key are given for specific purpose. e.g. ASR Task requires `speech` and `text` keys and each values are used for input data and target data respectively. See again the methods of `Task` class: `required_data_names()` and `optional_data_names()`.

```python
class NewTask(AbsTask):
    @classmethod
    def required_data_names(cls, inference: bool = False):
        if not inference:
            retval = ("input", "target")
        else:
            retval = ("input",)
        return retval

    @classmethod
    def optional_data_names(cls, inference: bool = False):
        retval = ("auxially_feature",)
        return retval
```

`required_data_names()` determines the mandatory data names and `optional_data_names()` gives optional data.  It means that the other names is allowed to given by command line arguments.

```bash

> # The following is expected argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following is the expected argument
```

    return modified_data

from torch.utils.data import DataLoader
data_loader = DataLoader(dataset, collcate_fn=collcate_fn)
for modified_data in data_loader:
    ...
```

The type of argument is determined by the input `dataset` class and our dataset is always `espnet2.train.dataset.ESPnetDataset`, which the return value is a tuple of sample id and a dict of tensor,

```python
batch = ("sample_id", {"speech": tensor, "text": tensor})
```

Therefore, the type is list of dict of tensor.

```python
data = [
    ("sample_id", {"speech": tensor, "text": tensor}),
    ("sample_id2", {"speech": tensor, "text": tensor}),
    ...
]
```

The return type of collate_fn is supposed to be a tuple of list and a dict of tensor in espnet2, so the collcate_fn for `Task` must transform the data type to it.

```python
for ids, batch in data_loader:
    model(**batch)
```

We provide common collate_fn and this function can support many cases, so you might not need to customize it. This collate_fn is aware of variable sequence features for seq2seq task:

- The first axis of the sequence tensor from dataset must be length axis: e.g. (Length, Dim), (Length, Dim, Dim2), or (Length, ...)

> - It's not necessary to be unified the lengths of each samples and they are stacked with zero-padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's not necessary to make the lengths of each sample unified and they are stacked with zero-padding.
```
(???)

    - The value of padding can be changed.
    ```python
    from espnet2.train.collate_fn import CommonCollateFn
    @classmethod
    def build_collate_fn(cls, args):
        # float_pad_value is used for float-tensor and int_pad_value is used for int-tensor
        return CommonCollateFn(float_pad_value=0.0, int_pad_value=-1)
    ```
- The a tensor to keep the length of each samples is also appended
    ```python
    batch = {"speech": ..., "speech_lengths": ..., "text": ..., "text_lengths": ...}
    ```

> - If the feature is not sequence data, this behavior can be disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the feature is not sequential data, this behavior can be disabled.
```

        return loss, stats, weight

class NewTask(AbsTask):
    @classmethod
    def add_task_arguments(cls, parser):
        parser.add_arguments(...)
        (...)

    @classmethod
    def build_collate_fn(cls, args: argparse.Namespace)
        (...)

    @classmethod
    def build_preprocess_fn(cls, args, train):
        (...)

    @classmethod
    def required_data_names(cls, inference: bool = False):
        (...)

    @classmethod
    def optional_data_names(cls, inference: bool = False):
        (...)

    @classmethod
    def build_model(cls, args):
        return NewModel(...)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # Start training
    NewTask.main()
```

## Data input system
Espnet2 also provides a command line interface to describe the training corpus.
On the contrary, unlike `fairseq` or training system such as `pytorch-lightining`, 
our `Task` class doesn't have an interface for building the dataset explicitly.
This is because we aim at the task related to speech/text only, 
so we don't need such general system so far.

The following is an example of the command lint arguments:

```bash
python -m espnet2.bin.asr_train \

>   --train_data_path_and_name_and_type=/some/path/tr/wav.scp,speech,sound \

Reviewer: `audio` might be better (more specific and appropriate) than `sound`?
This is just a comment.

Author: I also thought this, but I couldn't decide. `sound` comes from `sndfile`.
I don't know whether it's necessary,  `audio` is left for `torchaudio` ( or `sox`)

Reviewer: OK.
